Privacy Statement

Assiut Cement Co. and its subsidiaries (“we”, “us” or “our”) are committed to protecting the privacy of visitors to our web site. 
This Privacy Statement describes how we use and manage the information collected when you use this web site.  

In general, we collect and use information about you in connection with providing information, to provide a service or sell or deliver a product and for our own marketing purposes.

Information You Provide to Us

You may be asked to provide information to us through our web site in connection with information, products, or services that you have requested. 
The type of information we collect varies, depending on the purpose, device you are using, and may include name, address, contact information, gender, username and password, and any other information you provide to us.

Information We Obtain Through Your Use of our Web Site

We collect information about our users’ utilization and navigation of our web site.  This information helps us to design our web site to better suit our users’ needs.  We may also use your IP address to diagnose problems with our server and to administer our web site, analyze trends, track visitor movements, and gather broad demographic information that assists us in identifying visitor preferences.

We Use Cookies and Web Beacons

Cookies are pieces of data that a web site transfers to a user’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Web beacons are transparent pixel images that are used in collecting information about web site usage, e-mail response and tracking.

Our web site uses cookies and web beacons to provide enhanced functionality on the web site (e.g., user ID and password prompts) and aggregate traffic data (e.g., what pages of the web site are the most popular). These cookies may be delivered in a first-party or third-party context.  We may also use cookies and web beacons in association with e-mails delivered by us.  Our web site may also capture information (domain name, web browser, internet protocol address, user-agent, HTTP referrer, last URL requested by user, client-side and server-side clickstream) about visits to our web site; we may use this information to analyze general traffic patterns and to perform routine system maintenance.  Most browsers allow you to block or delete cookies from your system.  You should consult the privacy features in your browser to learn more about your ability to manage cookies and web beacons.

Because the providers of "do not track" and similar signals do not yet operate according to common, industry-accepted standards, we currently do not respond to those signals. For more information on Do Not Track, please visit www.allaboutdnt.com.


How We Use the Information

In general, we use the information collected to: 

•	provide products or services that you have requested;

•	maintain relationships with suppliers and contractors;

•	communicate with you;
•	provide ongoing information about our products and services  to our customers; and

•	comply with legal obligations.
We may share the information collected when:

•	you request, consent to or authorize such disclosure;
•	the information is provided to comply with the law (for example, to comply with a search warrant, subpoena or other court order), enforce an agreement we have with you, or to protect our rights, property or safety, or the rights, property or safety of our employees or others;

•	the information is provided to our agents, vendors or service providers who perform functions on our behalf;

•	beneficial to address disputes or claims to persons holding a legal or beneficial interest; or

•	necessary in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale.

Our Security Measures to Protect Information

To help protect the privacy of data and personally identifiable information you transmit through the use of our web site, we use reasonable physical, technical and administrative safeguards. However, we cannot guarantee the security of personal information accessible on or transmitted via the internet.


Your Access to and Updating of Personal Information

We seek to ensure that the personal information we store is accurate, complete, current and otherwise reliable to its intended use. If you become aware that personal information we maintain about you is in accurate, or you would like to update or review your personal information, you may contact us using the contact information below.  As a security precaution, we may request that you provide identifying information such as name, address, birth date, and other identifying information.  We may charge a reasonable fee for locating, retrieving, reviewing and copying any material requested. 

Conditions of Use, Notices and Changes to Our Privacy Statement

By using our web site, you agree to the terms and conditions contained in our Privacy Statement and/or any other agreement that we might have with you. If you do not agree to any of these terms and conditions, you should not use our web site.  We will continually improve and enhance our web site with new services, which may change the way we manage information collected through our web site.  We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Statement at any time, for any reason, without notice to you, other than the posting of the modified Privacy Statement to the web site. You should check the web site frequently to see the current Privacy Statement that is in effect and any changes to such Privacy Statement.  The provisions contained herein supersede all previous notices or statements regarding our privacy practices and the related privacy terms and conditions that govern the web site. 


Our Web Site Does Not Target Children

Our web site is not directed to, and we do not knowingly collect, use or disclose personal information from any child under the age of 18 in violation of the Children Act. We recommend that parents actively participate in their children's use of the Internet. If you are under the age of 18, please do not submit your e-mail address or any other personal information to us through this web site.

Links to Other Web Sites

Our web site may contain links to other web sites, including social media sites, which may have privacy policies that differ from our own. We are not responsible for the activities and practices that take place on these web sites. Accordingly, we recommend that you review the privacy statement posted on any web site that you may access through our web site.  This online Privacy Statement only applies to our web site and does not apply to affiliated or nonaffiliated third-party web sites.

We may also provide social media features that enable you to share information with your social networks and to interact with us on social media sites. Your use of these features may result in collection or sharing of information about you, depending on the privacy preferences that you set up in your account and on the social media site you are using.  We encourage you to review the privacy policy and settings on the social media sites with which you interact to make sure you understand the information that may be collected, used and shared by those sites.



